How to use the default cycles wallet - API (#386)
dfinity/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/default-wallet.adoc

....

In this example, the principal for the currently-active identity is a controller of the `f3yw6-7qaaa-aaaab-qaabq-cai` cycles wallet. The `--no-wallet` option enables the call to the add_controller method to use the principal for the currently-active identity (a controller) and not the cycles wallet (which is not a controller).

To make the cycles wallet a controller of itself, you would run a command similar to the following:

....
dfx canister --network=alpha --no-wallet call f3yw6-7qaaa-aaaab-qaabq-cai add_controller '(principal "f3yw6-7qaaa-aaaab-qaabq-cai")'
....

[[wallet-remove-controller]]
== Remove a controller

Use the `remove_controller` method to remove a principal as a controller.

For example:

....
dfx canister --network=alpha call f3yw6-7qaaa-aaaab-qaabq-cai remove_controller '(principal "zdm3q-uxmkz-lsghp-r737v-dgwav-rinn2-hs3zf-fnib3-2rylb-3kuek-hae")'
....

[[wallet-authorize]]
== Authorize a custodian

Use the `authorize` method to authorize a principal as a custodian of a cycles wallet.

For example:

....

> dfx canister --network=alpha call f3yw6-7qaaa-aaaab-qaabq-cai authorize '(principal "zdm3q-uxmkz-lsghp-r737v-dgwav-rinn2-hs3zf-fnib3-2rylb-3kuek-hae")'

Reviewer: This format worked for me - i.e. no quotes for the wallet ID, however, the Quick Start guide uses quotes and this did not work for me — it threw an error (3) message.

= Use the default cycles wallet
ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:outfilesuffix:.adoc]
:proglang: Motoko
:platform: Internet Computer platform
:IC: Internet Computer
:company-id: DFINITY
:sdk-short-name: DFINITY Canister SDK
:sdk-long-name: DFINITY Canister Software Development Kit (SDK)

As discussed in link:concepts/tokens-cycles{outfilesuffix}[Tokens and cycles], ICP tokens can be converted into *cycles* to power canister operations. 
Cycles provide a largely stable value proposition and represent the operational cost of communication, computation, and storage that applications consume. 
For example, cycles reflect the actual cost of physical hardware, rack space, energy, storage devices, and network bandwidth required by applications running on the {IC}.

> Unlike ICP tokens, cycles are only associated with canisters and not user or developer principals. 
> Instead, users and developers manage the distribution and ownership of cycles through a special type of canister called a *cycles wallet*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike ICP tokens, cycles are only associated with canisters and not user or developer principals. Furthermore, certain actions such as creating new canisters require paying the associated create canister cycle fee.
Therefore, users and developers manage the distribution and ownership of cycles through a special type of canister called a *cycles wallet*.
```

For the purposes of local development, the {sdk-short-name} automatically creates a default cycles wallet for you in every project and most of the operations performed using the cycles wallet happen behind the scenes.
For example, the cycles wallet acts on your behalf to register canister identifiers and deploy canisters on the local network.

In a production environment, however, you often need to explicitly register and transfer cycles to new canisters, specify the principals that can act as custodians, and manage the principals with ownership rights. 
You can perform these types of tasks using the methods in the default cycles wallet.

> You should keep in mind, however, that calls to the cycles wallet canister are executed using the cycles wallet identifier associated with the currently-active user identity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should keep in mind, however, that calls to the cycles wallet canister are executed using the cycles wallet identifier associated with the currently-selected user identity.
```

Reviewer 2: nit: replace currently-active with currently-selected
